hey there folks Mike Harris here with
you again from Phillips Chevrolet the
number one chevy dealership in the
midwest taking a minute to go through
the interior of a brand new 2015 Chevy
Impala LTZ again one of the nicest
luxury cars you can get for under 40,000
just plenty of space plenty of comfort
plenty of power and control this car
seriously seriously has it all from your
panoramic sunroof above this thing is
huge giant let's all that that Sun in to
your home link store all your garage
door openers any gates you need to open
the whole line that way comes equipped
with your OnStar - that's a huge feature
right there whether it's in need of
roadside assistance directions a
hands-free calling OnStar does it all
with the through 2015 you're gonna have
your six month free trial of OnStar as
well as a three-month trial of your XM
radio with the XM on this one you've
actually have your net in-dash
navigation comes on an eight inch
touchscreen display this unit will do
everything you can think of with your
phone with your OnStar subscription as
well also comes with a mobile hotspot
built into the vehicle I went ahead and
paired my phone so my phone currently is
running off of the data on the out of
the car itself I can actually pull up
some sort of Netflix TV whatever I need
to do it'll actually load up play and
all the things will come through the
speakers all the sound so when you're on
those trips with the little ones or got
to do some work on the side of the road
your car is a mobile office or a mobile
entertainment center this vehicle comes
equipped with the heated seats and
cooled seats really a nice feature there
your dual climate control so I can be
comfortable as well as anybody else in
the vehicle one of the coolest things
about this car your head unit actually
raises up you have a hidden compartment
as well as a USB connectivity to
integrate your phone should I not have
some of those Bluetooth capable
capabilities to it your phone
can actually integrate with the car
there or in the center glovebox here you
have an additional US two USBs a microSD
and an auxiliary hook up this car even
comes equipped with a 120 120 volt host
plug so you know if you're driving down
the road and you need to dry your hair
there you go you know get the crock-pot
gone the whole nine whatever you need to
do you can do it from this car one of
the things I absolutely love with this
vehicle are some of the safety features
that they've integrated with it
you have your side blind zone alert your
rear your front and rear park assist and
then you also have your crash alert if
there's actually a camera mounted up in
here the vehicle in front of you slows
down it will actually alert you on the
windshield little red light will flash
and let you know hey you're not slowing
down as fast the guy in front alert you
and kind of keep you on point same thing
with your lane departure warning is if
that safety pack is I'm the one that you
purchase if the vehicle drifts out of
its Lane without having the turn signal
on again the car will alert you and let
you know just some really nice safety
features wrapped up in all of this
luxury I mean they've even got it down
to the seats with the Corinthian leather
with the two-tone piping just a gorgeous
touch that they could do and this car
has at all heated steering wheels
everything you can think of tell you
what come on down to Philips Chevrolet
and see me Mike Harris I'll go through
it with you a little bit more and put
you in your dream ride today